Update the guidance on change history (#1531)
open-contracting/standard: docs/guidance/build/full_updates.md

```{workedexample} Full updates
:tags: release
```

# Full updates

> OCDS encourages the use of the [releases and records](../../primer/releases_and_records) model in order to publish up-to-date, timely data. However, sometimes publishers can't fully support the model, because historic data of contracting (or planning) processes is not stored in the source system(s). In such case, the publisher can produce only one release for each process, and the release gets overridden with new updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OCDS encourages publishers to use the [releases and records](../../primer/releases_and_records) to publish both a change history and the current state of each contracting (or planning) process. However, sometimes publishers can't publish a change history because their [system architecture](../build/system_architectures) does not store historic releases. In such cases, implementers can publish full updates by making a single release per process available and updating the release `id` and `date` each time there is a change.
```

Author: This change wasn't part of this PR but it makes sense, but the addition of "contracting (or planning) processes" was part of another PR and I guess we want to keep that expression

Reviewer 2: Yes, see #1409. The handbook has also been updated on the use of this term: https://ocds-standard-development-handbook.readthedocs.io/en/latest/meta/style_guide.html#word-choice
